Add `osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025: Quarterfinals Recap` news post (#12764)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-02-07-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-quarterfinals-recap.md

---
layout: post

> title: "osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025: Quarterfinals recap"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025: Quarterfinals Recap"
```

Indonesia is not out of the game however! They'll get a second chance next weekend against the Russian Federation, in the hopes to climb their way back up to the Finals. At the same time, Japan will not have it any easier since they will be up against South Korea. We hope both teams can perform as well as they did this weekend!

### ::{ flag=VE }:: Venezuela vs. ::{ flag=DE }:: Germany

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117037473)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2370564283)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VIDEO_ID?start=XXX&end=XXX" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

One of the most exciting matches of the round had to be the duel between Venezuela (#12) and Germany (#13). With a negligible seed gap bewteen the two and with both teams risking losing their spot in the losers' bracket, we couldn't have expected anything but a fierce match, and certainly not a battle you'd want to miss!

> Germany opened the match with a long note pick: [seatrus - Ataraxia (2020 Rework)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314245#mania/4952538) (LN3). This was quite a close win for Germany given their small lead of 6,117 points by the end of the map. Venezuela decided to answer back by picking a more full-flavoured map with [siromaru - Tsuzumi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314257#mania/4952564) (HB3), a tiebreaker-styled chart whose varied patterns rewarded Venezuela's more versatile players with a winning lead of 38,239 points, shifting the winds in their favour!

Reviewer: consistency i guess
```suggestion
Germany opened the match with a long note pick — [seatrus - Ataraxia (2020 Rework)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314245#mania/4952538) (LN3). This was quite a close win for Germany given their small lead of 6,117 points by the end of the map. Venezuela decided to answer back by picking a more full-flavoured map with [siromaru - Tsuzumi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314257#mania/4952564) (HB3), a tiebreaker-styled chart whose varied patterns rewarded Venezuela's more versatile players with a winning lead of 38,239 points, shifting the winds in their favour!
```

Reviewer 2: variety better (?)

Reviewer: idm either way feel free to dismiss as per https://discord.com/channels/188630481301012481/1323760409525620757/1337182369584644167

Author: Choosing to keep things varied

- [Monster Siren Records & Kirara Magic - Fu Da Huang](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314248#mania/4952550) (LN4) may have not seen much action over the weekend, but we still witnessed a noodle masterclass from ::{ flag=CN }:: [[Crz]Satori](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7082178) and ::{ flag=CN }:: [tyrcs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13026904) who obtained the only 990,000-point scores on the chart.
- We'd also like to point the spotlight to ::{ flag=PH }:: [arcwinolivirus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2039089)' weekend-topping efforts courtesy of their 987,225-point full combo on [PASOCOM MUSIC CLUB feat. punipunidenki - i s o p h o t e](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314588#mania/4953343) (HB2), and a 971,167 score run on [siromaru - Tsuzumi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314257#mania/4952564) (HB3).

---

> The show is not over yet folks! Keep a close watch on [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) or [osulive_2](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive_2) to make sure you don't miss out on the fun. As briefly mentioned in the introduction, we've got some good matches to look forward to in the upcoming weeks: a battle between all remaining heavyweights!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The show is not over yet folks! Keep a close watch on [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) or [osulive_2](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive_2) to make sure you don't miss out on the fun. As briefly mentioned in the introduction, we've got some good matches to look forward to in the upcoming weeks — a battle between all remaining heavyweights!
```

> Those who'd like to dig a bit deeper into this week's happenings, check out the [wiki article](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_7K) and [this week's statistics spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AV9UcS9HFeGpWpzDteEOwG3Lm3mytW2iI8xLRYesqeA/edit?rm=minimal) to not miss out on any details. We'll see ourselves out, awaiting for next week's results. Make sure to get some popcorn ready to enjoy the weekend's matches to the fullest!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those who'd like to dig a bit deeper into this week's happenings, check out the [wiki article](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_7K) and [this week's statistics spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AV9UcS9HFeGpWpzDteEOwG3Lm3mytW2iI8xLRYesqeA/edit?rm=minimal) to not miss out on any details. We'll see ourselves out, awaiting next week's results. Make sure to get some popcorn ready to enjoy the weekend's matches to the fullest!
```

---
layout: post
title: "osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025: Quarterfinals recap"
date: 2025-02-07 12:00:00 +0000
---

Only a few weeks ahead of us remain! As our teams continue to fight for a chance to stay atop, let's us mourn this week's fallen heroes.

![](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_7K/img/mwc7k2025-banner.jpg)

As we get one week of respite considering how hectic previous rounds were, it is way too soon for players to relax. Even those who remain uncontested can't take a break! The mappools are only going to get harder and harder as we reach the end of the line. As such, we're starting to see the difference between the teams who were able to keep up the tournament's pace, versus those who are already struggling adjusting to these newfound challenges.

Do expect things to heat up on the weeks to come! 12 very strong teams remain, ranging from seed #13 all the way up to #1. Not having had many upsets throughout the earlier rounds means that this is going to be a very stacked finale for the tournament. But enough about the future, let us recap last week's Quarterfinals!

> Both [SurfChu85](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4469895) and [yukina meng](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9919550) with their new assistant [Nerfox](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7976724) have prepared yet another recap in video form for Quarterfinals! The best way to enjoy the recap while completing your favourite gacha game's dailies.

Author: Target audience.

As for this week's stand-outs, besides LN4 we got [PASOCOM MUSIC CLUB feat. punipunidenki - i s o p h o t e](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314588#mania/4953343) (HB2) made by [lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573) which was the most popular hybrid pick this week. The technical hybrid of the week provided players with a dump styled map akin to 4K maps. Its unique layering of the vocals managed to offer a challenging experience while being fun to play!

---

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-02-07-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-quarterfinals-recap/Evolutionary_Anima_banner.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314344#mania/4952725)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/401/Songs/Akiri_-_Evolutionary_Anima.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

The first osu! original to be debuted in this year's tournament was [Evolutionary Anima](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314344#mania/4952725) (RC5) by [Akiri](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/401). And to the surprise of many, this was not the tiebreaker!

> <div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
>     <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/_1ZbcT3e0tg" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
> </div>
> 

Reviewer 2: we have a banner to showcase the maps. we've replaced them with videos only on high-effort storyboards with lots of visual appeal

```suggestion
```

| **Germany** ::{ flag=DE }:: | **6** | 2 | ::{ flag=NL }:: Netherlands |
| Venezuela ::{ flag=VE }:: | 4 | **6** | ::{ flag=DE }:: **Germany** |
| **France** ::{ flag=FR }:: | **6** | 2 | ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada |
| **Peru** ::{ flag=PE }:: | **6** | 2 | ::{ flag=ES }:: Spain |
| **Chile** ::{ flag=CL }:: | **6** | 1 | ::{ flag=FR }:: France |

If we were to compare this round's results to previous weeks, this has been one relatively calm round all things considered. Not to be mistaken with a lack of highlights — we've got plenty of those in store!

With less than half of qualified teams remaining, this has been one hell of an inflection point for most of the remaining teams. It would either spell doom for those running on their second wind, or force higher seeded teams to gamble their chances and drop to a lower bracket.

This was also the week were conditional matches were introduced. For some, this would mean requiring an extra effort just to get a chance to play for another week. Venezuela, Germany, Spain, France, Peru, and Chile were such teams. While unfortunately some didn't get to make it, all of them gave their all in the end.

> Let's jump right into this week's match highlights as there's still a lot of meat from this week's metaphorical bone to chew from!

Author: Different meats different bones.

### ::{ flag=JP }:: Japan vs. ::{ flag=ID }:: Indonesia

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117034121)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2370422585)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VIDEO_ID?start=XXX&end=XXX" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> Japan (#4) versus Indonesia (#5) was bound to be a match between two titans fighting for their spot in the winners' bracket. Japan is well-known for their strong rice skill thanks to ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586) and ::{ flag=JP }:: [rainlily](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/485007). With their newfound teammates, ::{ flag=JP }:: [Suzuha_l](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6132697) and ::{ flag=JP }:: [[ misa ]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10011429), this made for a very well balanced team. Indonesia on the other hand has very strong LN players, courtesy of ::{ flag=ID }:: [Onta_Bekasi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8677684) being a force to be reckoned with throughout this tournament's history. With the help of ::{ flag=ID }:: [_yea](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/20834055) and ::{ flag=ID }:: [[ -Asriel- ]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11829623) on rice sets, this made Indonesia yet another fairly well balanced team. Given each team's strengths, this would be a match where hybrid maps would play a key role in their success.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Japan (#4) versus Indonesia (#5) was bound to be a match between two titans fighting for their spot in the winners' bracket. Japan is well known for their strong rice skill thanks to ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586) and ::{ flag=JP }:: [rainlily](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/485007). With their newfound teammates, ::{ flag=JP }:: [Suzuha_l](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6132697) and ::{ flag=JP }:: [[ misa ]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10011429), this made for a very well-balanced team. Indonesia on the other hand has very strong LN players, courtesy of ::{ flag=ID }:: [Onta_Bekasi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8677684) being a force to be reckoned with throughout this tournament's history. With the help of ::{ flag=ID }:: [_yea](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/20834055) and ::{ flag=ID }:: [[ -Asriel- ]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11829623) on rice sets, this made Indonesia yet another fairly well-balanced team. Given each team's strengths, this would be a match where hybrid maps would play a key role in their success.
```

Author: What changed, I'm struggling to see anything in the diff.

> It should not be a surprise that Japan chose to protect [Ito Kanako - Tataeshi Tatakai no Uta](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314259#mania/4952567) (RC3) whereas Indonesia protected [Monster Siren Records & Kirara Magic - Fu Da Huang](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314248#mania/4952550) (LN4), with Indonesia banning [Sound piercer & ginkiha (feat. Yuzuha & NeLiME) - MI:LIGHT CONNECT](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314240#mania/4952529) (RC2) and Japan banning the very opposite by choosing [YURRY CANON - Tsukuyomi Step (feat. nameless)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314243#mania/4952535) (LN2). With Japan picking RC3 and winning the best team score on said map, and Indonesia following up with LN3, this only made each team's strengths ever so clearer. They were not going to hold back any punches!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It should not be a surprise that Japan chose to protect [Ito Kanako - Tataeshi Tatakai no Uta](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314259#mania/4952567) (RC3), whereas Indonesia protected [Monster Siren Records & Kirara Magic - Fu Da Huang](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314248#mania/4952550) (LN4), with Indonesia banning [Sound piercer & ginkiha (feat. Yuzuha & NeLiME) - MI:LIGHT CONNECT](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314240#mania/4952529) (RC2) and Japan banning the very opposite by choosing [YURRY CANON - Tsukuyomi Step (feat. nameless)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314243#mania/4952535) (LN2). With Japan starting the match with RC3 and winning with no less than the best team score on said map, and Indonesia following up with LN3, the signature strengths of both teams were at full display. They were not going to hold back any punches!
```

> But even with that much neede context, our teams could not hit the brakes for even a split second. Despite Japan's strong rice players, Indonesia wasn't any less great at it. The same could be said the other way around. Japan almost learnt it the hard way when they picked [Silentroom - Aliake (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314239#mania/4952522) (RC1) and Indonesia managed to almost even out their score with a 582-point difference. This forced Indonesia to pick their protect and get some ground back, bringing the score back up to 2–2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, just knowing what the other team has in store isn't enough, meaning neither team could hit the brakes for even a split second. Despite Japan's strong rice players, Indonesia wasn't any less great at it. The same could be said the other way around. Japan almost learnt it the hard way when they picked [Silentroom - Aliake (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314239#mania/4952522) (RC1) and Indonesia managed to almost even out their score with a 582-point difference. This forced Indonesia to pick their protect and get some ground back, bringing the score back up to 2–2.
```

> The rice versus long note picks continued all the way up to 3–3. Indonesia was out of LN maps to choose from, while Japan had plenty of options left. With Japan winning [69 de 74 - Grievous Fate](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314385#mania/4952820) (RC6) and upping the lead to 4–3, Indonesia had no choice but to start picking the remaining hybrid maps. This ended up with Indonesia picking [PASOCOM MUSIC CLUB feat. punipunidenki - i s o p h o t e](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314588#mania/4953343) (HB2), and a point that was very closely contested by ::{ flag=ID }:: [RaffCo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7589503) and ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586)'s full combos given their teammates slip-ups. With only a 2,850-point difference, Japan managed to gain the upper hand, getting themselves in a very good position with both a break and match point with a 5–3 lead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The rice versus long note picks continued all the way up to 3–3. Indonesia was out of LN maps to choose from, while Japan had plenty of options left. With Japan winning [69 de 74 - Grievous Fate](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314385#mania/4952820) (RC6) and upping the lead to 4–3, Indonesia had no choice but to start picking the remaining hybrid maps. This ended up with Indonesia picking [PASOCOM MUSIC CLUB feat. punipunidenki - i s o p h o t e](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314588#mania/4953343) (HB2), leading to a very contested point between ::{ flag=ID }:: [RaffCo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7589503) and ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586)'s full combos. With only a 2,850-point difference, Japan managed to gain the upper hand, getting themselves in a very good position with both a break and match point at 5–3.
```

> Unfortunately, Indonesia was put between a rock and a hard place given Japan's upper hand in the pick. Despite ::{ flag=ID }:: [RaffCo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7589503) and ::{ flag=ID }:: [_yea](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/20834055)'s very commendable efforts, their doom was already spelled. And by winning [saaa - MORNINGLOOM](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314251#mania/4952555) (RC4) Japan won the last point they needed to win the match! In the battle between this tournament's rice and long note titans, this year's skirmish was won by the former.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, Indonesia was put between a rock and a hard place given Japan's upper hand in the pick. Despite ::{ flag=ID }:: [RaffCo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7589503) and ::{ flag=ID }:: [_yea](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/20834055)'s very commendable efforts, their doom was already spelled out. By winning [saaa - MORNINGLOOM](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314251#mania/4952555) (RC4), Japan won the last point they needed to win the match! In the battle between this tournament's rice and long note titans, this year's skirmish was won by the former.
```

> Indonesia is not out of the game however! They'll get a second chance next weekend against the Russian Federation, in the hopes to climb their way back up to the Finals. Japan will not have such an easier time as they will be against South Korea. We hope both teams can perform as well as they did this weekend!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Indonesia is not out of the game however! They'll get a second chance next weekend against the Russian Federation, in the hopes to climb their way back up to the Finals. At the same time, Japan will not have it any easier since they will be up against South Korea. We hope both teams can perform as well as they did this weekend!
```

### ::{ flag=VE }:: Venezuela vs. ::{ flag=DE }:: Germany

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117037473)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2370564283)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VIDEO_ID?start=XXX&end=XXX" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

One of the most exciting matches of the round had to be the duel between Venezuela (#12) and Germany (#13). With a negligible seed gap bwteen the two and with both teams risking losing their spot in the losers' bracket, it was to be expected that the match was going to be a fierce one. A battle you certainly won't want to miss!

> Germany opened the martch with a long note pick, that being [seatrus - Ataraxia (2020 Rework)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314245#mania/4952538) (LN3). This was quite a close win for Germany given their small lead of 6,117 points by the end of the map. Venezuela decided to answer back by picking a more full-flavoured map with [siromaru - Tsuzumi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314257#mania/4952564) (HB3). A mini tiebreaker-styled chart whose varied patterns rewarded Venezuela's more versatile players with a winning lead of 38,239 points, shifting the winds in their favour!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Germany opened the match with a long note pick: [seatrus - Ataraxia (2020 Rework)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314245#mania/4952538) (LN3). This was quite a close win for Germany given their small lead of 6,117 points by the end of the map. Venezuela decided to answer back by picking a more full-flavoured map with [siromaru - Tsuzumi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314257#mania/4952564) (HB3), a tiebreaker-styled chart whose varied patterns rewarded Venezuela's more versatile players with a winning lead of 38,239 points, shifting the winds in their favour!
```

This was Venezuela's last chance at forcing a tiebreaker. After some much needed consideration, Venezuela chose to play [Sound piercer & ginkiha (feat. Yuzuha & NeLiME) - MI:LIGHT CONNECT](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314240#mania/4952529) (RC2). This turned into quite an intense, nail-biting showdown, with the score lead constantly alternating between the two teams. But nerves got the best of team Venezuela, and after an impressive full combo from yet again ::{ flag=DE }:: [TsukiyaWhiskers](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12598261), team Germany emerged victorious from the match!

Congratulations to Germany for advancing to the next round, and a big round of applause to Venezuela for their performance throughout the match and tournament alike! It is no easy feat to push Germany to their very limits till the very end despite being considered the underdogs. We hope to see them soon in the future even stronger than they were this year!

## Score highlights

> We may not have had a long repertoire of memorable matches. Instead, we've got quite a few impressive scores to highlight coming from all teams! The next scores are only but a few of the highlights that this week had to offer:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We may not have had a large repertoire of memorable matches. Instead, we've got a few impressive scores to highlight coming from all teams! The next scores are only but a few of the highlights that this week had to offer:
```

> - [Ito Kanako - Tataeshi Tatakai no Uta](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314259#mania/4952567) (RC3) saw three players hit the coveted 999k score. A feat easier said than done with Score V2! ::{ flag=KR }:: [Kalkai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10790649) obtained a 58x300 run, ::{ flag=PE }:: [-luvv](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23731514) got one less with 57x300, and ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586) topped the weekend with 56x300. The consistency of these players is definitely something to admire.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Ito Kanako - Tataeshi Tatakai no Uta](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2314259#mania/4952567) (RC3) saw three players hit the coveted 999k score, a feat easier said than done with Score V2! ::{ flag=KR }:: [Kalkai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10790649) obtained a 58x300 run, ::{ flag=PE }:: [-luvv](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23731514) got one less with 57x300, and ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586) topped the weekend with 56x300. The consistency of these players is definitely something to admire.
```
